When Empress Palace was in a hurry, a message suddenly came out
What's that?
The palace starts today
It is forbidden to use the soda and food sold by the cold palace
Restore all the original product supplies in the palace
The imperial kitchen can no longer cooperate with us
What do you mean?
I'm just busy with business and can't apply.
Enough for the emperor to cut off my wealth
The volume is so small
No, I have to find him
Mother, mother, please stop
The cold palace is a forbidden place in the palace and cannot enter or leave at will
How long have I been in and out of the thorn?
Why don't you let me out?
Whose order is this?
The Emperor's will
Su Linfeng, are you sick?
A little thing suddenly turns around
The emperor's cold palace
Ouch.
The emperor's servant knows that you don't want to hear news from this palace
But this palace is still lively today
He Shen Xinyang was grounded
How lively